chore(docs): updates to introduction docs (#3718)
projen/projen: docs/introduction/index.md

# Introduction

Welcome to the projen documentation! This guide will introduce you to projen and explain its purpose and benefits.

## You will learn

- The purpose of projen
- Types of projects you can create with projen

## What is projen?

Projen lets you define and manage complex project configurations through code, generating configuration files from 
well-typed definitions in any [jsii](https://github.com/aws/jsii)-compatible language. For example, you can use TypeScript to define a projen 
project and synthesize files like `package.json`, `tsconfig.json`, `.gitignore`, and GitHub workflow files. Projen 
supports TypeScript, Python, Java, and Golang.

Whether you're a solo developer or part of a large team, projen helps you manage project configurations seamlessly. As 
your project grows, you can easily add new configuration files and workflows.

> Unlike traditional scaffolding tools or template generators, projen enforces changes through strongly-typed classes. The 
> generated files are never manually edited; instead, you apply changes by running the projen CLI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unlike traditional scaffolding tools or template generators, projen enforces changes through strongly-typed code. The 
generated files are never manually edited; instead, you update your code and apply changes by running the projen CLI.
```

Projen ensures consistency across multiple repositories by allowing you to define custom project types. This enables 

> organizations to create and maintain uniform project templates across numerous codebases. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
organizations to create and maintain uniform project templates across a large number of codebases. 
```
